[flang][docs] Update runtime trampoline documentation (#215233)
llvm/llvm-project: flang/docs/ProcedurePointer.md

### Procedure pointer to internal procedure

By default, Flang implements pointers to internal procedures using the LLVM
trampoline intrinsics. This requires the stack to be executable. On x86-64 and
AArch64 targets, the opt-in `-fsafe-trampoline` mode instead uses a

> runtime-managed trampoline pool outside the stack. See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
runtime-managed trampoline pool that does not require an executable stack. See the
```
